Improve some of the flwr docs texts (#1332)
adap/flower: doc/source/example-jax-from-centralized-to-federated.rst

The concept of federating an existing workload is always the same and easy to understand.
We have to start a *server* and then use the code in :code:`jax_training.py` for the *clients* that are connected to the *server*.
The *server* sends model parameters to the clients. The *clients* run the training and update the parameters.

> The updated parameters are returned to the *server*, which averages all received parameter updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The updated parameters are sent back to the *server*, which averages all received parameter updates.
```
